"undress , I wake up the mean machine and sitting in my inbox is a message from Christian . From : Christian Grey Subject : Tonight Date : May 25 2011 22 : 01 To : Anastasia Steele I don * t understand why you ran this evening. I sincerely hope I answered all your questions to your satisfaction. I know I have given you a great deal to contemplate , and I fervently hope that you will give my proposal your serious consideration. I really want to make this work. We will take it slow . Trust me . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . His e-mail makes me weep more. I am not a merger. I am not an acquisition. Reading this , I might as well be. I don * t reply. I just don * t know what to say to him. I fumble into my PJs and , wrapping his jacket around me , I climb into bed. As I lie staring into the darkness , I think of all the times he warned me to stay away . Anastasia , you should steer clear of me . I * m not the man for you . I don * t do the girlfriend thing . I * m not a hearts and flowers kind of guy . I don * t make love . This is all I know . And as I weep into my pillow silently , it * s this last idea I cling to. This is all I know , too. Perhaps together we can chart a new course . CHAPTER FOURTEEN Christian is standing over me grasping a plaited leather riding crop. He * s wearing old , faded , ripped Levis and that * s all. He flicks the crop slowly into his palm as he gazes down at me. He * s smiling , triumphant. I can not move. I am naked and shackled , spread-eagled on a large four-poster bed. Reaching forward , he trails the tip of the crop from my forehead down the length of my nose , so I can smell the leather , and over my parted , panting lips. He pushes the tip into my mouth so I can taste the smooth , rich leather . * Suck , * he commands , his voice soft. My mouth closes over the tip as I obey . * Enough , * he snaps . I * m panting once more as he tugs the crop out of my mouth , trails it down and under my chin , on down my neck to the hollow at the base of my throat. He swirls it slowly there and then continues to drag the tip down my body , along my sternum , between my breasts , over my torso , down to my navel. I * m panting , squirming , pulling against my restraints that are biting into"