"for the door . * After you , Miss Steele , * he murmurs , opening the door for me. He looks casually elegant . I pause , fractionally too long , drinking in the sight of him. And to think I slept with him last night and , after all the tequila and the throwing up , he * s still here. What * s more , he wants to take me to Seattle. Why me ? I don * t understand it. I head out the door recalling his words * There * s something about you * well , the feeling is entirely mutual , Mr. Grey , and I aim to find out what his secret is . We walk in silence down the corridor toward the elevator. As we wait , I peek up at him through my lashes , and he looks out of the corner of his eyes down at me. I smile , and his lips twitch . The elevator arrives , and we step in. We * re alone. Suddenly , for some inexplicable reason , possibly our proximity in such an enclosed space , the atmosphere between us changes , charged with an electric , exhilarating anticipation. My breathing alters as my heart races. His head turns fractionally toward me , his eyes darkest slate. I bite my lip . * Oh , fuck the paperwork , * he growls. He lunges at me , pushing me against the wall of the elevator. Before I know it , he * s got both of my hands in one of his in a viselike grip above my head , and he * s pinning me to the wall using his hips. Holy shit. His other hand grabs my hair and yanks down , bringing my face up , and his lips are on mine. It * s only just not painful. I moan into his mouth , giving his tongue an opening. He takes full advantage , his tongue expertly exploring my mouth. I have never been kissed like this. My tongue tentatively strokes his and joins his in a slow , erotic dance that * s all about touch and sensation , all bump and grind. He brings his hand up to grasp my chin and holds me in place. I * m helpless , my hands pinned , my face held , and his hips restraining me. His erection is against my belly. Oh my * He wants me. Christian Grey , Greek god , wants me , and I want him , here * now , in the elevator . * You. Are. So. Sweet , * he murmurs , each word a staccato . The elevator stops , the doors open , and he pushes away from me in the blink of an eye , leaving me hanging. Three men in business suits look at both of us and smirk as they climb on board. My heart"