"I think * my voice husky . * I think I will. Move forward , * he orders . He strips out of his PJ pants and climbs in behind me. The water rises as he sits and pulls me against his chest. He places his long legs over mine , his knees bent and his ankles level with mine , and he pulls his feet apart , opening my legs. I gasp in surprise. His nose is in my hair and he inhales deeply . * You smell so good , Anastasia. * A tremor runs through my whole body. I am naked in a bath with Christian Grey. He * s naked. If someone had told me I * d be doing this when I woke up in his hotel suite yesterday , I would not have believed them . He reaches for a bottle of body wash from the built-in shelf beside the bath and squirts some into his hand. He rubs his hands together , creating a soft , foaming lather , and he closes his hands around my neck and starts to rub the soap into my neck and shoulders , massaging firmly with his long , strong fingers. I groan. His hands on me feel good . * You like that ? * I can almost hear his smile . * Hmm. * He moves down my arms , then beneath them to my underarms , washing gently. I * m so glad Kate insisted I shave. His hands glide across to my breasts , and I inhale sharply as his fingers encircle them and start kneading gently , taking no prisoners. My body bows instinctively , pushing my breasts into his hands. My nipples are tender. Very tender , no doubt , from his less-than-delicate treatment of them last night. He doesn * t linger long and glides his hands down to my stomach and belly. My breathing increases and my heart is racing. His growing erection presses against my behind. It * s such a turn-on knowing that it * s my body making him feel this way. Ha * not your mind , my subconscious sneers. I shake off the unwelcome thought . He stops and reaches for a washcloth as I pant against him , wanting * needing. My hands rest on his firm , muscular thighs. Squirting more soap onto the washcloth , he leans down and washes between my legs. I hold my breath. His fingers skillfully stimulating me through the cloth , it * s heavenly , and my hips start moving at their own rhythm , pushing against his hand. As the sensations take over , I tilt my head back , my eyes rolling to the back of my head , my mouth slack , and I groan. The pressure is building slowly , inexorably inside me * oh my . * Feel it , baby , * Christian whispers in my ear , and"