"takes my elbow and moves me to beneath the grid. He reaches up and takes down some shackles with black leather cuffs . * This grid is designed so the shackles move across the grid. * I glance up. Holy shit * it * s like a subway map . * We * re going to start here , but I want to fuck you standing up. So we * ll end up by the wall over there. * He points with the riding crop to where the large wooden X is on the wall . * Put your hands above your head. * I oblige immediately , feeling like I * m exiting my body * a casual observer of events as they unfold around me. This is beyond fascinating , beyond erotic. It * s singularly the most exciting and scary thing I * ve ever done. I * m entrusting myself to a beautiful man who , by his own admission , is fifty shades of fucked up. I suppress the brief thrill of fear. Kate and Elliot , they know I * m here . He stands very close as he fastens the cuffs. I * m staring at his chest. His proximity is heavenly. He smells of body wash and Christian , an inebriating mix , and that drags me back into the now. I want to run my nose and tongue through that smattering of chest hair. I could just lean forward * He steps back and gazes at me , his expression hooded , salacious , carnal , and I am helpless , my hands tied , but just looking at his lovely face , reading his need and longing for me , I can feel the dampness between my legs. He walks slowly around me . * You look mighty fine trussed up like this , Miss Steele. And your smart mouth quiet for now. I like that. * Standing in front of me again , he hooks his fingers into my panties and , at a most unhurried pace , peels them down my legs , stripping me agonizingly slowly , so that he ends up kneeling in front of me. Not taking his eyes off mine , he scrunches my panties in his hand , holds them up to his nose , and inhales deeply. Holy fuck. Did he just do that ? He grins wickedly at me and tucks them into the pocket of his jeans . Uncoiling from the floor , rising lazily , like a jungle cat , he points the end of the riding crop at my navel , leisurely circling it * tantalizing me. At the touch of the leather , I quiver and gasp. He walks around me again , trailing the crop around the middle of my body. On his second circuit , he suddenly flicks the crop , and it hits me underneath my behind * against my sex. I cry out"