"fashion. The pain is so sweet and sharp I want to close my eyes , but I * m hypnotized by his eyes staring fervently into mine. Leaning down , he kisses me. His lips are demanding , firm and slow , molding mine. He starts unbuttoning my shirt while he places feather-like kisses across my jaw , my chin , and the corners of my mouth. Slowly he peels it off me and lets it fall to the floor. He stands back and gazes at me. I * m in the pale blue lacy perfect-fit bra. Thank heavens . * Oh , Ana , * he breathes. * You have the most beautiful skin , pale and flawless. I want to kiss every single inch of it. * I flush. Oh my * Why did he say he couldn * t make love ? I will do anything he wants. He grasps my hair tie , pulls it free , and gasps as my hair cascades down around my shoulders . * I like brunettes , * he murmurs , and both of his hands are in my hair , grasping each side of my head. His kiss is demanding , his tongue and lips coaxing mine. I moan , and my tongue tentatively meets his. He puts his arms around me and hauls me against his body , squeezing me tightly. One hand remains in my hair , the other travels down my spine to my waist and down to my behind. His hand flexes over my backside and squeezes gently. He holds me against his hips , and I feel his erection , which he languidly pushes into me . I moan once more into his mouth. I can hardly contain the riotous feelings * or are they hormones ? * that rampage through my body. I want him so badly. Gripping his upper arms , I feel his biceps. He * s surprisingly strong * muscular. Tentatively , I move my hands up to his face and into his hair. It * s so soft , unruly. I tug gently , and he groans. He eases me toward the bed , until I feel it behind my knees. I think he * s going to push me down on to it , but he doesn * t. Releasing me , he suddenly drops to his knees. He grabs my hips with both his hands and runs his tongue around my navel , then gently nips his way to my hipbone , then across my belly to my other hipbone . * Ah , * I groan . Seeing him on his knees in front of me , feeling his mouth on me , it * s so unexpected , and hot. My hands stay in his hair , pulling gently as I try to quiet my too-loud breathing. He gazes up at me through impossibly long lashes , his eyes a scorching smoky gray. His hands"