"heart-fail is that I don * t know if he * s capable of love. He doesn * t even love himself. I recall his self-loathing , her love being the only form he found acceptable. Punished * whipped , beaten , whatever their relationship entailed * he feels undeserving of love. Why does he feel like that ? How can he feel like that ? His words haunt me : It * s very hard to grow up in a perfect family when you * re not perfect . I close my eyes , imagining his pain , and I can * t begin to comprehend it. I shudder as I remember that I may have divulged too much. What have I confessed to Christian in my sleep ? What secrets have I revealed ? I stare at the BlackBerry in the vague hope that it will give me some answers. Rather unsurprisingly , it is not very forthcoming. As we haven * t taken off yet , I decide to e-mail my Fifty Shades . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Homeward Bound Date : June 3 2011 12 : 53 EST To : Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey , I am once again ensconced in first class , for which I thank you. I am counting the minutes until I see you this evening and perhaps torturing the truth out of you about my nocturnal admissions . Your Ana x From : Christian Grey Subject : Homeward Bound Date : June 3 2011 09 : 58 To : Anastasia Steele Anastasia , I look forward to seeing you . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . His response makes me frown. It sounds clipped and formal , not his usual witty , pithy style . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Homeward Bound Date : June 3 2011 13 : 01 EST To : Christian Grey Dearest Mr. Grey , I hope everything is okay re * the situation. * The tone of your e-mail is worrying . Ana x From : Christian Grey Subject : Homeward Bound Date : June 3 2011 10 : 04 To : Anastasia Steele Anastasia , The situation could be better. Have you taken off yet ? If so you should not be e-mailing. You are putting yourself at risk , in direct contravention of the rule regarding your personal safety. I meant what I said about punishments . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . Crap. Okay. Jeez. What is eating him ? Perhaps * the situation * ? Maybe Taylor * s gone AWOL , maybe he * s dropped a few million on the stock market * whatever the reason . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Overreaction Date : June 3 2011 13 : 06 EST To : Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grumpy , The aircraft doors are still open. We are delayed but only by ten minutes. My welfare and"