"wish me luck in my exams ? * Thanks. * I can * t disguise the sarcasm in my voice. * Good-bye , Mr. Grey. * I turn on my heel , vaguely amazed that I don * t trip , and without giving him a second glance , I disappear down the sidewalk toward the underground garage . Once underneath the dark , cold concrete of the garage with its bleak fluorescent light , I lean against the wall and put my head in my hands. What was I thinking ? Unbidden and unwelcome tears pool in my eyes. Why am I crying ? I sink to the ground , angry at myself for this senseless reaction. Drawing up my knees , I fold in on myself. I want to make myself as small as possible. Perhaps this nonsensical pain will be smaller the smaller I am. Placing my head on my knees , I let the irrational tears fall unrestrained. I am crying over the loss of something I never had. How ridiculous. Mourning something that never was * my dashed hopes , my dashed dreams , and my soured expectations . I have never been on the receiving end of rejection. Okay * so I was always one of the last to be picked for basketball or volleyball , but I understood that * running and doing something else at the same time like bouncing or throwing a ball is not my thing. I am a serious liability in any sporting field . Romantically , though , I * ve never put myself out there , ever. A lifetime of insecurity * I * m too pale , too skinny , too scruffy , uncoordinated , my long list of faults goes on. So I have always been the one to rebuff any would-be admirers. There was that guy in my chemistry class who liked me , but no one has ever sparked my interest * no one except Christian Damn Grey. Maybe I should be kinder to the likes of Paul Clayton and Jos * Rodriguez , though I * m sure neither of them has been found sobbing alone in dark places. Perhaps I just need a good cry . Stop ! Stop now ! my subconscious is metaphorically screaming at me , arms folded , leaning on one leg and tapping her foot in frustration. Get in the car , go home , do your studying. Forget about him * Now ! And stop all this self-pitying , wallowing crap . I take a deep , steadying breath and stand up. Get it together , Steele. I head for Kate * s car , wiping the tears off my face as I do. I will not think of him again. I can just chalk this incident up to experience and concentrate on my exams . KATE IS SITTING AT the dining table at her laptop when I arrive. Her welcoming smile fades when she"