"23 : 44 To : Anastasia Steele Dear Miss Steele , I am assuming it is the RED WINE talking , and that you * ve had a very long day . Though I am tempted to drive back over there to ensure that you don * t sit down for a week , rather than an evening . Taylor is ex-army and capable of driving anything from a motorcycle to a Sherman tank. Your car does not present a hazard to him . Now please do not refer to yourself as * some woman I fuck occasionally * because , quite frankly , it makes me MAD , and you really wouldn * t like me when I * m angry . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Careful Yourself Date : May 26 2011 23 : 57 To : Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey , I * m not sure I like you anyway , especially at the moment . Miss Steele From : Christian Grey Subject : Careful Yourself Date : May 27 2011 00 : 03 To : Anastasia Steele Why don * t you like me ? Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Careful Yourself Date : May 27 2011 00 : 09 To : Christian Grey Because you never stay with me . There , that * s given him something to think about. I shut the machine down with a flourish I don * t really feel and crawl into my bed. I switch off my sidelight and stare up at the ceiling. It * s been one long day , one emotional wrench after another. It was heartwarming to spend some time with Ray. He looked well , and weirdly , he approved of Christian. Jeez , Kate and her gargantuan mouth. Hearing Christian speak about being hungry. What the hell is that all about ? God , and the car. I haven * t even told Kate about the new car. What was Christian thinking ? And then this evening , he actually hit me. I * ve never been hit in my life. What have I gotten myself into ? Very slowly , my tears , halted by Kate * s arrival , begin to slide down the side of my face and into my ears. I have fallen for someone who * s so emotionally shut down , I will only get hurt * deep down I know this * someone who by his own admission is completely fucked up. Why is he so fucked up ? It must be awful to be as affected as he is , and the thought that as a toddler he suffered some unbearable cruelty makes me cry harder. Perhaps if he was more normal he wouldn * t want you , my subconscious contributes snidely to my musings * and in my"