"weary from all the carnal exertions of the last day and from the complete and utter dilemma that I * m faced with. I sit on my bed and gingerly extract the manila envelope from my bag , turning it over and over in my hands. Do I really want to know the extent of Christian * s depravity ? It * s so daunting. I take a deep breath , and with my heart in my throat , I rip open the envelope . CHAPTER ELEVEN There are several papers inside the envelope. I fish them out , my heart still pounding , and I sit back on my bed and begin to read . CONTRACT Made this day _____ of 2011 ( * The Commencement Date * ) BETWEEN MR. CHRISTIAN GREY of 301 Escala , Seattle , WA 98889 ( * The Dominant * ) MISS ANASTASIA STEELE of 1114 SW Green Street , Apartment 7 , Haven Heights , Vancouver , WA 98888 ( * The Submissive * ) THE PARTIES AGREE AS FOLLOWS 1 The following are the terms of a binding contract between the Dominant and the Submissive . FUNDAMENTAL TERMS 2 The fundamental purpose of this contract is to allow the Submissive to explore her sensuality and her limits safely , with due respect and regard for her needs , her limits , and her well-being . 3 The Dominant and the Submissive agree and acknowledge that all that occurs under the terms of this contract will be consensual , confidential , and subject to the agreed limits and safety procedures set out in this contract. Additional limits and safety procedures may be agreed in writing . 4 The Dominant and the Submissive each warrant that they suffer from no sexual , serious , infectious , or life-threatening illnesses , including but not limited to HIV , herpes , and hepatitis. If during the Term ( as defined below ) or any extended term of this contract either party should be diagnosed with or become aware of any such illness , he or she undertakes to inform the other immediately and in any event prior to any form of physical contact between the parties . 5 Adherence to the above warranties , agreements , and undertakings ( and any additional limits and safety procedures agreed under clause 3 above ) are fundamental to this contract. Any breach shall render it void with immediate effect and each party agrees to be fully responsible to the other for the consequence of any breach . 6 Everything in this contract must be read and interpreted in the light of the fundamental purpose and the fundamental terms set out in clauses 2 * 5 above . ROLES 7 The Dominant shall take responsibility for the well-being and the proper training , guidance , and discipline of the Submissive. He shall decide the nature of such training , guidance , and discipline and the time and place of"