"of two dark green chesterfield couches made of leather * not unlike the couch that Christian has in his playroom. I stroke the leather appreciatively and wonder idly what Christian does on that couch. My mind wanders as I think of the possibilities * no * I must not go there now. I flush at my wayward and inappropriate thoughts. The receptionist is a young African-American woman with large silver earrings and long straightened hair. She has a bohemian look about her , the sort of woman I could be friendly with. The thought is comforting. Every few moments she glances up at me , away from her computer , and smiles reassuringly. I tentatively return her smile . My flight is booked , my mother is in seventh heaven that I am visiting , I am packed , and Kate has agreed to drive me to the airport. Christian has ordered me to take my BlackBerry and the Mac. I roll my eyes at the memory of his overbearing bossiness , but I realize now that * s just the way he is. He likes control over everything , including me. Yet he * s so unpredictably and disarmingly agreeable , too. He can be tender , good-humored , even sweet. And when he is , it * s so left field and unexpected. He insisted on accompanying me all the way down to my car in the garage. Jeez , I * m only going for a few days ; he * s acting like I * m going for weeks. He always keeps me off balance . * Ana Steele ? * A woman with long , black , pre-Raphaelite hair standing by the reception desk distracts me from my introspection. She has the same bohemian , floaty look as the receptionist. She could be in her late thirties , maybe in her forties. It * s so difficult to tell with older women . * Yes , * I reply , standing awkwardly . She gives me a polite smile , her cool hazel eyes assessing me. I am wearing one of Kate * s dresses , a black pinafore over a white blouse , and my black pumps. Very interview , I think. My hair is restrained in a tight bun , and for once the tendrils are behaving themselves. She holds her hand out to me . * Hello , Ana , my name * s Elizabeth Morgan. I * m head of human resources here at SIP. * * How do you do ? * I shake her hand. She looks very casual to be the head of HR . * Please follow me. * We go through the double doors behind the reception area into a large brightly decorated open-plan office , and from there head into a small meeting room. The walls are pale green , lined with pictures of book covers. At the head of the maple conference table sits"