"Appendix 3 their agreement in respect of them . SAFEWORDS 18 The Dominant and the Submissive recognize that the Dominant may make demands of the Submissive that can not be met without incurring physical , mental , emotional , spiritual , or other harm at the time the demands are made to the Submissive. In such circumstances related to this , the Submissive may make use of a safeword ( * the Safeword [ s ] * ) . Two Safewords will be invoked depending on the severity of the demands . 19 The Safeword * Yellow * will be used to bring to the attention of the Dominant that the Submissive is close to her limit of endurance . 20 The Safeword * Red * will be used to bring to the attention of the Dominant that the Submissive can not tolerate any further demands. When this word is said , the Dominant * s action will cease completely with immediate effect . CONCLUSION 21 We the undersigned have read and understood fully the provisions of this contract. We freely accept the terms of this contract and have acknowledged this by our signatures below . The Dominant : Christian Grey Date The Submissive : Anastasia Steele Date APPENDIX 1 RULES Obedience : The Submissive will obey any instructions given by the Dominant immediately without hesitation or reservation and in an expeditious manner. The Submissive will agree to any sexual activity deemed fit and pleasurable by the Dominant excepting those activities that are outlined in hard limits ( Appendix 2 ) . She will do so eagerly and without hesitation . Sleep : The Submissive will ensure she achieves a minimum of eight hours * sleep a night when she is not with the Dominant . Food : The Submissive will eat regularly to maintain her health and well-being from a prescribed list of foods ( Appendix 4 ) . The Submissive will not snack between meals , with the exception of fruit . Clothes : During the Term the Submissive will wear clothing only approved by the Dominant. The Dominant will provide a clothing budget for the Submissive , which the Submissive shall utilize. The Dominant shall accompany the Submissive to purchase clothing on an ad hoc basis. If the Dominant so requires , the Submissive shall , during the Term , wear adornments the Dominant shall require , in the presence of the Dominant and at any other time the Dominant deems fit . Exercise : The Dominant shall provide the Submissive with a personal trainer four times a week in hour-long sessions at times to be mutually agreed between the personal trainer and the Submissive. The personal trainer will report to the Dominant on the Submissive * s progress . Personal Hygiene/Beauty : The Submissive will keep herself clean and shaved and/or waxed at all times. The Submissive will visit a beauty salon of the Dominant * s choosing at times to be decided by the Dominant"