"its administration , subject to the agreed terms , limitations , and safety procedures set out in this contract or agreed additionally under clause 3 above . 8 If at any time the Dominant should fail to keep to the agreed terms , limitations , and safety procedures set out in this contract or agreed additionally under clause 3 above , the Submissive is entitled to terminate this contract forthwith and to leave the service of the Dominant without notice . 9 Subject to that proviso and to clauses 2 * 5 above , the Submissive is to serve and obey the Dominant in all things. Subject to the agreed terms , limitations , and safety procedures set out in this contract or agreed additionally under clause 3 above , she shall without query or hesitation offer the Dominant such pleasure as he may require and she shall accept without query or hesitation his training , guidance , and discipline in whatever form it may take . COMMENCEMENT AND TERM 10 The Dominant and Submissive enter into this contract on the Commencement Date fully aware of its nature and undertake to abide by its conditions without exception . 11 This contract shall be effective for a period of three calendar months from the Commencement Date ( * the Term * ) . On the expiry of the Term the parties shall discuss whether this contract and the arrangements they have made under this contract are satisfactory and whether the needs of each party have been met. Either party may propose the extension of this contract subject to adjustments to its terms or to the arrangements they have made under it. In the absence of agreement to such extension this contract shall terminate and both parties shall be free to resume their lives separately . AVAILABILITY 12 The Submissive will make herself available to the Dominant from Friday evenings through to Sunday afternoons each week during the Term at times to be specified by the Dominant ( * the Allotted Times * ) . Further allocated time can be mutually agreed on an ad hoc basis . 13 The Dominant reserves the right to dismiss the Submissive from his service at any time and for any reason. The Submissive may request her release at any time , such request to be granted at the discretion of the Dominant subject only to the Submissive * s rights under clauses 2 * 5 and 8 above . LOCATION 14 The Submissive will make herself available during the Allotted Times and agreed additional times at locations to be determined by the Dominant. The Dominant will ensure that all travel costs incurred by the Submissive for that purpose are met by the Dominant . SERVICE PROVISIONS 15 The following service provisions have been discussed and agreed and will be adhered to by both parties during the Term. Both parties accept that certain matters may arise that are not covered by the terms of this contract"