"your body . * The world of M&A is not nearly as stimulating as you are , Miss Steele . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . Holy crap * mine in every way. My breath hitches . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Consenting Adults ! Date : May 27 2011 08 : 26 To : Christian Grey Aren * t you in a meeting ? I * m very glad your hand was sore . And if I listened to my body , I * d be in Alaska by now . Ana P.S. : I will think about embracing these feelings . From : Christian Grey Subject : You Didn * t Call the Cops Date : May 27 2011 08 : 35 To : Anastasia Steele Miss Steele , I am in a meeting discussing the futures market , if you * re really interested . For the record , you stood beside me knowing what I was going to do . You didn * t at any time ask me to stop * you didn * t use either safeword . You are an adult * you have choices . Quite frankly , I * m looking forward to the next time my palm is ringing with pain . You * re obviously not listening to the right part of your body . Alaska is very cold and no place to run. I would find you . I can track your cell phone * remember ? Go to work . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . I scowl at the screen. He * s right , of course. It * s my choice. Hmm. Is he serious about coming to find me ? Should I decide to escape for a while ? My mind flits briefly to my mother * s offer. I hit * reply. * From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Stalker Date : May 27 2011 08 : 36 To : Christian Grey Have you sought therapy for your stalker tendencies ? Ana From : Christian Grey Subject : Stalker ? Me ? Date : May 27 2011 08 : 38 To : Anastasia Steele I pay the eminent Dr. Flynn a small fortune with regard to my stalker and other tendencies . Go to work . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Expensive Charlatans Date : May 27 2011 08 : 40 To : Christian Grey May I humbly suggest you seek a second opinion ? I am not sure that Dr. Flynn is very effective . Miss Steele From : Christian Grey Subject : Second Opinions Date : May 27 2011 08 : 43 To : Anastasia Steele Not that it * s any of your business , humble or otherwise , but Dr. Flynn is the second opinion . You will have to speed , in your new car , putting yourself"