"Dominant shall not loan his Submissive to another Dominant . 15.11 The Dominant may restrain , handcuff , or bind the Submissive at any time during the Allotted Times or any agreed additional times for any reason and for extended periods of time , giving due regard to the health and safety of the Submissive . 15.12 The Dominant will ensure that all equipment used for the purposes of training and discipline shall be maintained in a clean , hygienic , and safe state at all times . SUBMISSIVE 15.13 The Submissive accepts the Dominant as her master , with the understanding that she is now the property of the Dominant , to be dealt with as the Dominant pleases during the Term generally but specifically during the Allotted Times and any additional agreed allotted times . 15.14 The Submissive shall obey the rules ( * the Rules * ) set out in Appendix 1 to this agreement . 15.15 The Submissive shall serve the Dominant in any way the Dominant sees fit and shall endeavor to please the Dominant at all times to the best of her ability . 15.16 The Submissive shall take all measures necessary to maintain her good health and shall request or seek medical attention whenever it is needed , keeping the Dominant informed at all times of any health issues that may arise . 15.17 The Submissive will ensure that she procures oral contraception and ensure that she takes it as and when prescribed to prevent any pregnancy . 15.18 The Submissive shall accept without question any and all disciplinary actions deemed necessary by the Dominant and remember her status and role in regard to the Dominant at all times . 15.19 The Submissive shall not touch or pleasure herself sexually without permission from the Dominant . 15.20 The Submissive shall submit to any sexual activity demanded by the Dominant and shall do so without hesitation or argument . 15.21 The Submissive shall accept whippings , floggings , spankings , canings , paddlings , or any other discipline the Dominant should decide to administer , without hesitation , inquiry , or complaint . 15.22 The Submissive shall not look directly into the eyes of the Dominant except when specifically instructed to do so. The Submissive shall keep her eyes cast down and maintain a quiet and respectful bearing in the presence of the Dominant . 15.23 The Submissive shall always conduct herself in a respectful manner to the Dominant and shall address him only as Sir , Mr. Grey , or such other title as the Dominant may direct . 15.24 The Submissive will not touch the Dominant without his express permission to do so . ACTIVITIES 16 The Submissive shall not participate in activities or any sexual acts that either party deems to be unsafe or any activities detailed in Appendix 2 . 17 The Dominant and the Submissive have discussed the activities set out in Appendix 3 and recorded in writing on"