"I voluntarily go for a run. I find my nasty , never-used sneakers , some sweatpants , and a T-shirt. I put my hair in pigtails , blushing at the memories they bring back , and I plug in my iPod. I can * t sit in front of that marvel of technology and look at or read any more disturbing material. I need to expend some of this excess , enervating energy. Quite frankly , I have a mind to run to the Heathman Hotel and just demand sex from the control freak. But that * s five miles , and I don * t think I * ll be able to run one mile , let alone five , and , of course , he might turn me down , which would be beyond humiliating . Kate is walking from her car as I head out of the door. She nearly drops her shopping bags when she sees me. Ana Steele in sneakers. I wave and don * t stop for the inquisition. I need some serious alone time. Snow Patrol blaring in my ears , I set off into the opal and aquamarine dusk . I pace through the park. What am I going to do ? I want him , but on his terms ? I just don * t know. Perhaps I should negotiate what I want. Go through that ridiculous contract line by line and say what is acceptable and what isn * t. My research has told me that legally it * s unenforceable. He must know that. I figure that it just sets up the parameters of the relationship. It illustrates what I can expect from him and what he expects from me * my total submission. Am I prepared to give him that ? Am I even capable ? I am plagued by one question * why is he like this ? Is it because he was seduced at such a young age ? I just don * t know. He * s still such a mystery . I stop beside a large spruce and put my hands on my knees , breathing hard , dragging precious air into my lungs. Oh , this feels good , cathartic. I feel my resolve hardening. Yes. I need to tell him what * s okay and what isn * t. I need to e-mail him my thoughts , and then we can discuss these on Wednesday. I take a deep , cleansing breath , then jog back to the apartment . Kate has been shopping , as only she can , for clothes for her vacation to Barbados. Mainly bikinis and matching sarongs. She will look fabulous in all of them , yet she still makes me sit and comment while she tries on each and every one. There are only so many ways one can say , * You look fabulous , Kate. * She has a curvy , slim figure to"