"two long , polished , ornately carved poles , like spindles from a banister but longer , hang like curtain rods across the wall. From them swing a startling assortment of paddles , whips , riding crops , and funny-looking feathery implements . Beside the door stands a substantial mahogany chest of drawers , each drawer slim as if designed to contain specimens in a crusty old museum. I wonder briefly what the drawers actually do hold. Do I want to know ? In the far corner is an oxblood leather padded bench , and fixed to the wall beside it is a wooden , polished rack that looks like a pool or billiard cue holder , but on closer inspection , it holds canes of varying lengths and widths. There * s a stout six-foot-long table in the opposite corner * polished wood with intricately carved legs * and two matching stools underneath . But what dominates the room is a bed. It * s bigger than king sized , an ornately carved rococo four-poster with a flat top. It looks late nineteenth century. Under the canopy , I can see more gleaming chains and cuffs. There is no bedding * just a mattress covered in red leather and red satin cushions piled at one end . At the foot of the bed , set apart a few feet , is a large oxblood chesterfield couch , just stuck in the middle of the room facing the bed. An odd arrangement * to have a couch facing the bed , and I smile to myself * I * ve picked on the couch as odd , when really it * s the most mundane piece of furniture in the room. I glance up and stare at the ceiling. There are carabiners all over the ceiling at odd intervals. I vaguely wonder what they * re for. Weirdly , all the wood , dark walls , moody lighting , and oxblood leather makes the room kind of soft and romantic * I know it * s anything but ; this is Christian * s version of soft and romantic . I turn , and he * s regarding me intently , as I knew he would be , his expression completely unreadable. I walk farther into the room , and he follows me. The feathery thing has me intrigued. I touch it hesitantly. It * s suede , like a small cat-o * -nine-tails but bushier , and there are very small plastic beads on the end . * It * s called a flogger. * Christian * s voice is quiet and soft . A flogger * hmm. I think I * m in shock. My subconscious has emigrated or been struck dumb or simply keeled over and expired. I am numb. I can observe and absorb but not articulate my feelings about all this , because I * m in shock. What is the appropriate response to finding"