"Leaning over , she kisses my forehead. * I * m so glad you * re here , Ana. It * s wonderful to see you. * And with that loving statement , she leaves . Hmm , Christian and reasonable * two concepts that I thought were mutually exclusive , but after his e-mail , maybe all things are possible. I shake my head. I will need time to digest his words. Probably after dinner * and I can reply to him then. I climb out of bed and quickly slip out of my T-shirt and shorts and head to the shower . I have brought Kate * s gray halter-neck dress that I wore for my graduation. It * s the only dressy item I have. One good thing about the heat is that the creases have dropped out , so I think it will do for the golf club. As I dress , I open up the laptop. There is nothing new from Christian , and I feel a stab of disappointment. Very quickly , I type him an e-mail . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Verbose ? Date : May 31 2011 19 : 08 EST To : Christian Grey Sir , you are quite the loquacious writer. I have to go to dinner at Bob * s golf club , and just so you know , I am rolling my eyes at the thought. But you and your twitchy palm are a long way from me so my behind is safe , for now. I loved your e-mail. Will respond when I can. I miss you already . Enjoy your afternoon . Your Ana From : Christian Grey Subject : Your Behind Date : May 31 2011 16 : 10 To : Anastasia Steele Dear Miss Steele , I am distracted by the title of this e-mail. Needless to say it is safe * for now . Enjoy your dinner , and I miss you , too , especially your behind and your smart mouth . My afternoon will be dull , brightened only by thoughts of you and your eye rolling. I think it was you who so judiciously pointed out to me that I , too , suffer from that nasty habit . Christian Grey CEO & Eye Roller , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Eye Rolling Date : May 31 2011 19 : 14 EST To : Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey , Stop e-mailing me. I am trying to get ready for dinner. You are very distracting , even when you are on the other side of the continent. And yes * who spanks you when you roll your eyes ? Your Ana I press * send , * and immediately the image of that evil witch Mrs. Robinson comes into my mind. I just can * t picture it. Christian being beaten by someone as old as my mother , it *"