"He looks frustrated , angry. What is his problem ? Apart from a silly drunk girl calling him in the middle of the night so he thinks she needs rescuing. And it turns out she does from her over-amorous friend. Then seeing her being violently ill at his feet. Oh , Ana * are you ever going to live this down ? My subconscious is figuratively tutting and glaring at me over her half-moon specs. I sway a little , and he puts his hand on my shoulder to steady me. I do as I * m told and drink the entire glass. It makes me feel queasy. Taking the glass from me , he places it on the bar. I notice through a blur what he * s wearing : a loose white linen shirt , snug jeans , black Converse sneakers , and a dark pinstriped jacket. His shirt is unbuttoned at the top , and I see a sprinkling of hair in the gap. In my groggy frame of mind , he looks yummy . He takes my hand once more. Holy cow * he * s leading me onto the dance floor. Shit. I do not dance. He can sense my reluctance , and under the colored lights I see his amused , sardonic smile. He gives my hand a sharp tug , and I * m in his arms again , and he starts to move , taking me with him. Boy , he can dance , and I can * t believe that I * m following him step for step. Maybe it * s because I * m drunk that I can keep up. He * s holding me tight against him , his body against mine * if he wasn * t clutching me so tightly , I * m sure I would swoon at his feet. In the back of my mind , my mother * s often-recited warning comes to me : Never trust a man who can dance . He moves us through the crowded throng of dancers to the other side of the dance floor , and we are beside Kate and Elliot , Christian * s brother. The music is pounding away , loud and leery , outside and inside my head. Oh no. Kate is making her moves. She * s dancing her ass off , and she only ever does that if she likes someone. Really likes someone. It means there * ll be three of us for breakfast tomorrow morning. Kate ! Christian leans over and shouts in Elliot * s ear. I can not hear what he says. Elliot is tall with wide shoulders , curly blond hair , and light , wickedly gleaming eyes. I can * t tell their color under the pulsating heat of the flashing lights. Elliot grins and pulls Kate into his arms , where she is more than happy to be * Kate ! Even in my"