"am nervous that you * ve flown three thousand miles to get away from me for a few days , because you can * t think clearly around me. It * s the same for me , Anastasia. My reason vanishes when we * re together * that * s the depth of my feeling for you . I understand your trepidation. I did try to stay away from you ; I knew you were inexperienced , though I would never have pursued you if I had known exactly how innocent you were * and yet you still manage to disarm me completely in a way that nobody has before. Your e-mail for example : I have read and reread it countless times trying to understand your point of view. Three months is an arbitrary amount of time. We could make it six months , a year ? How long do you want it to be ? What would make you comfortable ? Tell me . I understand that this is a huge leap of faith for you. I have to earn your trust , but by the same token , you have to communicate with me when I am failing to do this. You seem so strong and self-contained , and then I read what you * ve written here , and I see another side to you. We have to guide each other , Anastasia , and I can only take my cues from you. You have to be honest with me , and we have to both find a way to make this arrangement work . You worry about not being submissive. Well , maybe that * s true. Having said that , the only time you do assume the correct demeanor for a sub is in the playroom. It seems that * s the one place where you let me exercise proper control over you and the only place you do as you * re told. * Exemplary * is the term that comes to mind. And I * d never beat you black and blue. I aim for pink. Outside the playroom , I like that you challenge me. It * s a very novel and refreshing experience , and I wouldn * t want to change that. So yes , tell me what you want in terms of more. I will endeavor to keep an open mind , and I shall try to give you the space you need and stay away from you while you are in Georgia. I look forward to your next e-mail . In the meantime , enjoy yourself. But not too much . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . Holy crap. He * s written an essay like we * re back at school * and most of it * s good. My heart is in my mouth as I reread his epistle , and I huddle on the spare bed practically hugging my Mac."