"with her . Her theme is * What Next After College ? * Oh , what next indeed. Christian is watching Kate , his eyebrows raised * in surprise , I think. Yes , it could have been Kate who went to interview him. And it could have been Kate who he was now making indecent proposals to. Beautiful Kate and beautiful Christian , together. I could be like the two girls beside me , admiring him from afar. I know Kate wouldn * t have given him the time of day. What did she call him the other day ? Creepy. The thought of a confrontation between Kate and Christian makes me uncomfortable. I have to say I don * t know which of them I would put my money on . Kate concludes her speech with a flourish , and spontaneously everyone stands , applauding and cheering , her first standing ovation. I beam at her and cheer , and she grins back at me. Good job , Kate. She sits , as does the audience , and the chancellor rises and introduces Christian * Holy shit , Christian * s going to give a speech. The chancellor touches briefly on Christian * s achievements : CEO of his own extraordinarily successful company , a real self-made man . * * and also a major benefactor to our university. Please welcome Mr. Christian Grey. * The chancellor pumps Christian * s hand , and there is a swell of polite applause. My heart * s in my throat. He approaches the lectern and surveys the hall. He looks so confident standing in front of us all , as Kate did before him. The two girls beside me lean in , enraptured. In fact , I think most of the female members of the audience inch closer and a few of the men. He begins , his voice soft , measured , and mesmerizing . * I * m profoundly grateful and touched by the great compliment accorded to me by the authorities of WSU today. It offers me a rare opportunity to talk about the impressive work of the environmental science department here at the university. Our aim is to develop viable and ecologically sustainable methods of farming for third world countries ; our ultimate goal is to help eradicate hunger and poverty across the globe. Over a billion people , mainly in sub-Saharan Africa , South Asia , and Latin America , live in abject poverty. Agricultural dysfunction is rife within these parts of the world , and the result is ecological and social destruction. I have known what it * s like to be profoundly hungry. This is a very personal journey for me * * My jaw falls to the floor. What ? Christian was hungry once. Holy crap. Well , that explains a great deal. And I recall the interview ; he really does want to feed the world. I desperately rack my brains"