"t see , I type a reply under the blanket . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Joking ? Date : May 30 2011 22 : 30 To : Christian Grey You see * I have no idea if you * re joking * and if you * re not , then I think I * ll stay in Georgia. Crates are a hard limit for me. Sorry I made you mad. Tell me you forgive me . A From : Christian Grey Subject : Joking Date : May 30 2011 22 : 31 To : Anastasia Steele How can you be e-mailing ? Are you risking the life of everyone on board , including yourself , by using your BlackBerry ? I think that contravenes one of the rules . Christian Grey Two Palms Twitching CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . Two palms ! I put my BlackBerry away , sit back while the plane taxis to the runway , and pull out my tattered copy of Tess * some light reading for the journey. Once we * re airborne , I tip my seat back , and soon I * m drifting off to sleep . The flight attendant wakes me as we start our descent into Atlanta. Local time is 5 : 45 a.m. , but I * ve only had four hours * sleep or so * I feel groggy but grateful for the glass of orange juice she hands me. I glance nervously at my BlackBerry. There are no further e-mails from Christian. Well , it * s nearly three in the morning in Seattle , and he probably wants to discourage me from screwing up the avionics system or whatever prevents planes from flying if mobile phones are switched on . * * * THE WAIT IN ATLANTA is only an hour. And again I * m luxuriating in the confines of the first class lounge. I am tempted to curl up and go to sleep on one of the plush , inviting couches that sink softly under my weight. But it will just not be long enough. To keep myself awake , I start a long stream-of-consciousness e-mail to Christian on my laptop . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Do you like to scare me ? Date : May 31 2011 06 : 52 EST To : Christian Grey You know how much I dislike you spending money on me. Yes , you * re very rich , but still it makes me uncomfortable , like you * re paying me for sex. However , I like traveling first class , it * s so much more civilized than coach. So thank you. I mean it * and I did enjoy the massage from Jean Paul. He was very gay. I omitted that bit in my e-mail to you to wind you up , because I was annoyed with you , and I * m sorry about that . But"