"a moment , Mom. What time is it ? * * About six thirty p.m. , darling. * Hmm * he wouldn * t have landed yet. Can I ask him ? Should I ask him ? Or perhaps she has nothing to do with it. I fervently hope so. What did I say in my sleep ? Crap * some unguarded remark while dreaming about him , I bet. Whatever it is , or was , I hope the sea change is coming from within him and not because of her . I am sweltering in this damned heat. I need another dip in the pool . AS I GET READY for bed , I switch on my computer. I have heard nothing from Christian. Not even a word that he * s arrived safely . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Safe Arrival ? Date : June 2 2011 22 : 32 EST To : Christian Grey Dear Sir , Please let me know that you have arrived safely. I am starting to worry. Thinking of you . Your Ana x Three minutes later , I hear the ping from my e-mail inbox . From : Christian Grey Subject : Sorry Date : June 2 2011 19 : 36 To : Anastasia Steele Dear Miss Steele , I have arrived safely , and please accept my apologies for not letting you know. I don * t want to cause you any worry. It * s heartwarming to know that you care for me. I am thinking of you , too , and as ever looking forward to seeing you tomorrow . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . I sigh. Christian is back to formality . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : The Situation Date : June 2 2011 22 : 40 EST To : Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey , I think it is very evident that I care for you deeply. How could you doubt that ? I hope your * situation * is under control . Your Ana x P.S. : Are you going to tell me what I said in my sleep ? From : Christian Grey Subject : Pleading the Fifth Date : June 2 2011 19 : 45 To : Anastasia Steele Dear Miss Steele , I like very much that you care for me. The * situation * here is not yet resolved . With regard to your P.S. , the answer is no . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Pleading Insanity Date : June 2 2011 22 : 48 EST To : Christian Grey I hope it was amusing. But you should know I can not accept any responsibility for what comes out of my mouth when I am unconscious. In fact * you probably misheard me . A man of your advanced years is surely a little deaf . From : Christian Grey Subject :"