"of butterflies , and my heart in my mouth thumping a dramatic , uneven beat. I am going to have coffee with Christian Grey * and I hate coffee . We walk together down the wide hotel corridor to the elevators. What should I say to him ? My mind is suddenly paralyzed with apprehension. What are we going to talk about ? What on Earth do I have in common with him ? His soft , warm voice startles me from my reverie . * How long have you known Katherine Kavanagh ? * Oh , an easy question for starters . * Since our freshman year. She * s a good friend. * * Hmm , * he replies noncommittally. What is he thinking ? At the elevators , he presses the call button , and the bell rings almost immediately. The doors slide open , revealing a young couple in a passionate embrace inside. Surprised and embarrassed , they jump apart , staring guiltily in every direction but ours. Grey and I step into the elevator . I am struggling to maintain a straight face , so I gaze down at the floor , feeling my cheeks turning pink. When I peek up at Grey through my lashes , he has a hint of a smile on his lips , but it * s very hard to tell. The young couple says nothing , and we travel down to the first floor in embarrassed silence. We don * t even have bland piped elevator music to distract us . The doors open and , much to my surprise , Grey takes my hand , clasping it with his long , cool fingers. I feel the current run through me , and my already rapid heartbeat accelerates. As he leads me out of the elevator , we can hear the suppressed giggles of the couple erupting behind us. Grey grins . * What is it about elevators ? * he mutters . We cross the expansive , bustling lobby of the hotel toward the entrance , but Grey avoids the revolving door , and I wonder if that * s because he * d have to let go of my hand . Outside , it * s a mild May Sunday. The sun is shining and the traffic is light. Grey turns left and strolls to the corner , where we wait for the crosswalk to change. He * s still holding my hand. I * m in the street , and Christian Grey is holding my hand. No one has ever held my hand. I feel giddy , and I tingle all over. I attempt to smother the ridiculous grin that threatens to split my face in two. Try to be cool , Ana , my subconscious implores me. The green man appears , and we * re off again . We walk four blocks before we reach the Portland Coffee House , where Grey releases me"