"words are my undoing , tipping me over the precipice. My body convulses around him , and I come , loudly calling out a garbled version of his name into the mattress. Christian follows with two sharp thrusts , and he freezes , pouring himself into me as he finds his release. He collapses on top of me , his face in my hair . * Fuck. Ana , * he breathes. He pulls out of me immediately and rolls onto his side of the bed. I pull my knees up to my chest , utterly spent , and immediately drift off or pass out into an exhausted sleep . WHEN I WAKE , IT * S still dark. I have no idea how long I * ve slept. I stretch out beneath the duvet , and I feel sore , deliciously sore. Christian is nowhere to be seen. I sit up , staring out at the cityscape in front of me. There are fewer lights on among the skyscrapers , and there * s a whisper of dawn in the east. I hear music. The lilting notes of the piano , a sad , sweet lament. Bach , I think , but I * m not sure . I wrap the duvet around me and quietly pad down the corridor toward the big room. Christian is at the piano , completely lost in the melody he * s playing. His expression is sad and forlorn , like the music. His playing is stunning. Leaning against the wall at the entrance , I listen , enraptured. He * s such an accomplished musician. He sits naked , his body bathed in the warm light cast by a solitary freestanding lamp beside the piano. With the rest of the large room in darkness , it * s like he * s in his own isolated little pool of light , untouchable * lonely , in a bubble . I pad quietly toward him , enticed by the sublime , melancholy music. I * m mesmerized , watching his long , skilled fingers as they find and gently press the keys , thinking how those same fingers have expertly handled and caressed my body. I flush and gasp at the memory and press my thighs together. He glances up , his unfathomable gray eyes bright , his expression unreadable . * Sorry , * I whisper. * I didn * t mean to disturb you. * A frown flits across his face . * Surely , I should be saying that to you , * he murmurs. He finishes playing and puts his hands on his legs . I notice now that he * s wearing PJ pants. He runs his fingers through his hair and stands. His pants hang from his hips , in that way * oh my. My mouth goes dry as he casually strolls around the piano toward me. He has broad shoulders , narrow hips , and"