"* Miss Steele ? * the courier asks. I frown questioningly at Mr. Clayton , who shrugs , as puzzled as me. My heart sinks. What has Christian sent me now ? I sign for the small package and open it immediately. It * s a BlackBerry. My heart sinks further. I switch it on . From : Christian Grey Subject : BlackBerry ON LOAN Date : May 27 2011 11 : 15 To : Anastasia Steele I need to be able to contact you at all times , and since this is your most honest form of communication , I figured you needed a BlackBerry . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Consumerism Gone Mad Date : May 27 2011 13 : 22 To : Christian Grey I think you need to call Dr. Flynn right now . Your stalker tendencies are running wild . I am at work. I will e-mail you when I get home . Thank you for yet another gadget . I wasn * t wrong when I said you were the ultimate consumer . Why do you do this ? Ana From : Christian Grey Subject : Sagacity from One So Young Date : May 27 2011 13 : 24 To : Anastasia Steele Fair point well made , as ever , Miss Steele . Dr. Flynn is on vacation . And I do this because I can . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . I put the thing in my back pocket , hating it already. E-mailing Christian is addictive , but I am supposed to be working. It buzzes once against my behind * How apt , I think ironically , but summoning all my willpower , I ignore it . At four , Mr. and Mrs. Clayton gather all the other employees in the shop and , during a hair-curlingly embarrassing speech , present me with a check for three hundred dollars. In that moment , all the events from the past three weeks well up inside of me : exams , graduation , an intense , fucked-up billionaire , deflowering , hard and soft limits , playrooms with no consoles , helicopter rides , and the fact that I will move tomorrow. Amazingly , I hold myself together. My subconscious is in awe. I hug the Claytons hard . They have been kind and generous employers , and I will miss them . KATE IS CLIMBING OUT of her car when I arrive home . * What * s that ? * she says accusingly , pointing at the Audi. I can * t resist . * It * s a car , * I quip. She narrows her eyes , and for a brief moment , I wonder if she * s going to put me across her knee , too. * My graduation present. * I try to act nonchalant. Yes , I get"