"Pleading Guilty Date : June 2 2011 19 : 52 To : Anastasia Steele Dear Miss Steele , Sorry , could you speak up ? I can * t hear you . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Pleading Insanity Again Date : June 2 2011 22 : 54 EST To : Christian Grey You are driving me crazy . From : Christian Grey Subject : I Hope So * Date : June 2 2011 19 : 59 To : Anastasia Steele Dear Miss Steele , I intend to do exactly that on Friday evening. Looking forward to it . ; ) Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Grrrrrr Date : June 2 2011 23 : 02 EST To : Christian Grey I am officially pissed at you . Good night . Miss A. R. Steele From : Christian Grey Subject : Wild Cat Date : June 2 2011 20 : 05 To : Anastasia Steele Are you growling at me , Miss Steele ? I possess a cat of my own for growlers . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . Cat of his own ? I * ve never seen a cat in his apartment. No , I am not going to answer him. Oh , he can be so exasperating sometimes. Fifty shades of exasperating. I clamber into bed and lie glaring at the ceiling as my eyes adjust to the dark. I hear another ping from my computer. I am not going to look. No , definitely not. No , I am not going to look. Gah ! Like the fool I am , I can not resist the lure of Christian Grey * s words . From : Christian Grey Subject : What You Said in Your Sleep Date : June 2 2011 20 : 20 To : Anastasia Steele Anastasia , I * d rather hear you say the words that you uttered in your sleep when you * re conscious , that * s why I won * t tell you. Go to sleep. You * ll need to be rested with what I have in mind for you tomorrow . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . Oh no * What have I said ? It * s as bad as I think , I * m sure . CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE My mother hugs me tightly . * Follow your heart , darling , and please , please * try not to overthink things. Relax and enjoy yourself. You are so young , sweetheart. You have so much of life to experience yet , just let it happen. You deserve the best of everything. * She whispers in my ear , her heartfelt words comforting. She kisses my hair . * Oh , Mom. * Hot , unwelcome tears prick my eyes as I cling to"