"be very pleased to hear I ate far too much . Getting interesting ? How ? From : Christian Grey Subject : Unfinished Business * Definitely Date : May 31 2011 19 : 30 To : Anastasia Steele Are you being deliberately obtuse ? I think you * d just asked me to unzip your dress . And I was looking forward to doing just that. I am also glad to hear you are eating . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Well * There * s Always the Weekend Date : May 31 2011 22 : 36 EST To : Christian Grey Of course I eat * It * s only the uncertainty I feel around you that puts me off my food . And I would never be unwittingly obtuse , Mr. Grey . Surely you * ve worked that out by now. ; ) From : Christian Grey Subject : Can * t Wait Date : May 31 2011 19 : 40 To : Anastasia Steele I shall remember that , Miss Steele , and no doubt use the knowledge to my advantage . I * m sorry to hear that I put you off your food. I thought I had a more concupiscent effect on you. That has been my experience , and most pleasurable it has been , too . I very much look forward to the next time . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings Inc . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Gymnastic Linguistics Date : May 31 2011 22 : 36 EST To : Christian Grey Have you been playing with the thesaurus again ? From : Christian Grey Subject : Rumbled Date : May 31 2011 19 : 40 To : Anastasia Steele You know me so well , Miss Steele . I am having dinner with an old friend now so I will be driving . Laters , baby * . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . Which old friend ? I didn * t think Christian had any old friends , except * her. I frown at the screen. Why does he have to still see her ? Searing , green , bilious jealousy courses through me unexpectedly. I want to hit something , preferably Mrs. Robinson. Switching the laptop off in a temper , I clamber into bed . I should really respond to his long e-mail from this morning , but I * m suddenly too angry. Why can * t he see her for what she is * a child molester ? I switch off the light , seething , staring into the darkness. How dare she ? How dare she pick on a vulnerable adolescent ? Is she still doing it ? Why did they stop ? Various scenarios filter through my mind : If he had had enough , then why is he still friends with her ? Ditto"