"or the service provisions , or that certain matters may be renegotiated. In such circumstances , further clauses may be proposed by way of amendment. Any further clauses or amendments must be agreed , documented , and signed by both parties and shall be subject to the fundamental terms set out under clauses 2 * 5 above . DOMINANT 15.1 The Dominant shall make the Submissive * s health and safety a priority at all times. The Dominant shall not at any time require , request , allow , or demand the Submissive to participate at the hands of the Dominant in the activities detailed in Appendix 2 or in any act that either party deems to be unsafe. The Dominant will not undertake or permit to be undertaken any action which could cause serious injury or any risk to the Submissive * s life. The remaining subclauses of this clause 15 are to be read subject to this proviso and to the fundamental matters agreed in clauses 2 * 5 above . 15.2 The Dominant accepts the Submissive as his , to own , control , dominate , and discipline during the Term. The Dominant may use the Submissive * s body at any time during the Allotted Times or any agreed additional times in any manner he deems fit , sexually or otherwise . 15.3 The Dominant shall provide the Submissive with all necessary training and guidance in how to properly serve the Dominant . 15.4 The Dominant shall maintain a stable and safe environment in which the Submissive may perform her duties in service of the Dominant . 15.5 The Dominant may discipline the Submissive as necessary to ensure the Submissive fully appreciates her role of subservience to the Dominant and to discourage unacceptable conduct. The Dominant may flog , spank , whip , or corporally punish the Submissive as he sees fit , for purposes of discipline , for his own personal enjoyment , or for any other reason , which he is not obliged to provide . 15.6 In training and in the administration of discipline the Dominant shall ensure that no permanent marks are made upon the Submissive * s body nor any injuries incurred that may require medical attention . 15.7 In training and in the administration of discipline the Dominant shall ensure that the discipline and the instruments used for the purposes of discipline are safe , shall not be used in such a way as to cause serious harm , and shall not in any way exceed the limits defined and detailed in this contract . 15.8 In case of illness or injury the Dominant shall care for the Submissive , seeing to her health and safety , encouraging and , when necessary , ordering medical attention when it is judged necessary by the Dominant . 15.9 The Dominant shall maintain his own good health and seek medical attention when necessary in order to maintain a risk-free environment . 15.10 The"