"like white noise. I haven * t got a clue what he * s saying , and in all honestly , I * m not interested. Just tell me how to switch it on and off * I * ll figure out the rest. After all , I * ve been using Kate * s for four years. Kate whistles , impressed when she sees it . * This is next-generation tech. * She raises her eyebrows at me. * Most women get flowers or maybe jewelry , * she says suggestively , trying to suppress a smile . I scowl at her but can * t keep a straight face. We both burst into a fit of giggles , and computer man gapes at us , bemused. He finishes up and asks me to sign the delivery note . As Kate shows him out , I sit with my cup of tea and open the e-mail program , and waiting for me is an e-mail from Christian. My heart leaps into my mouth. I have an e-mail from Christian Grey. Nervously , I open it . From : Christian Grey Subject : Your New Computer Date : May 22 2011 23 : 15 To : Anastasia Steele Dear Miss Steele , I trust you slept well. I hope that you put this laptop to good use , as discussed . I look forward to dinner Wednesday . Happy to answer any questions before then , via e-mail , should you so desire . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . I hit * reply. * From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Your New Computer ( on loan ) Date : May 23 2011 08 : 20 To : Christian Grey I slept very well , thank you * for some strange reason * Sir. I understood that this computer was on loan , ergo not mine . Ana Almost instantaneously there is a response . From : Christian Grey Subject : Your New Computer ( on loan ) Date : May 23 2011 08 : 22 To : Anastasia Steele The computer is on loan. Indefinitely , Miss Steele . I note from your tone that you have read the documentation I gave you . Do you have any questions so far ? Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . I can * t help but grin . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Inquiring Minds Date : May 23 2011 08 : 25 To : Christian Grey I have many questions , but not suitable for e-mail , and some of us have to work for a living . I do not want or need a computer indefinitely . Until later , good day. Sir . Ana His reply again is instant , and it makes me smile . From : Christian Grey Subject : Your New Computer ( again on loan ) Date : May 23 2011 08 : 26 To"