", but one question on her day and Kate is off. It * s reassuring to sit and listen to her normal chatter. The hot news is that Ethan may be coming to live with us after their vacation. That will be fun * Ethan is a hoot. I frown. I don * t think Christian will approve . Well * tough. He * ll just have to suck it up. I have a couple of teacups of wine and decide to call it a night. It * s been one very long day. Kate hugs me , and then grabs the phone to call Elliot . I check the mean machine after I brush my teeth. There * s an e-mail from Christian . From : Christian Grey Subject : You Date : May 26 2011 23 : 14 To : Anastasia Steele Dear Miss Steele , You are quite simply exquisite. The most beautiful , intelligent , witty , and brave woman I have ever met. Take some Advil * this is not a request. And don * t drive your Beetle again. I will know . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . Oh , not drive my car again ! I type out my reply . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Flattery Date : May 26 2011 23 : 20 To : Christian Grey Dear Mr. Grey , Flattery will get you nowhere , but since you * ve been everywhere the point is moot . I will need to drive my Beetle to a garage so I can sell it * so will not graciously accept any of your nonsense over that . Red wine is always more preferable to Advil . Ana P.S. : Caning is a HARD limit for me . I hit * send. * From : Christian Grey Subject : Frustrating Women Who Can * t Take Compliments Date : May 26 2011 23 : 26 To : Anastasia Steele Dear Miss Steele , I am not flattering you. You should go to bed . I accept your addition to the hard limits . Don * t drink too much . Taylor will dispose of your car and get a good price for it , too . Christian Grey CEO , Grey Enterprises Holdings , Inc . From : Anastasia Steele Subject : Taylor * Is He the Right Man for the Job ? Date : May 26 2011 23 : 40 To : Christian Grey Dear Sir , I am intrigued that you are happy to risk letting your right-hand man drive my car but not some woman you fuck occasionally. How can I be sure that Taylor is the man to get me the best deal for said car ? I have , in the past , probably before I met you , been known to drive a hard bargain . Ana From : Christian Grey Subject : Careful ! Date : May 26 2011"